README.md, before:

A GHCJS binding to [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/) based on the
[Flux](https://facebook.github.io/flux/) design.  The flux design pushes state and complicated logic
out of the view, allowing the rendering functions and event handlers to be pure Haskell functions.
When combined with React's composable components and the one-way flow of data, React, Flux, and
GHCJS work very well together.

# Docs

The [haddocks](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/react-flux) contain the documentation.

# Build

This package requires GHC 7.10.2 and the improved-base branch of ghcjs.
I followed the instructions in the [ghcjs wiki](https://github.com/ghcjs/ghcjs/wiki/GHCJS-with-GHC-7.10)
to install the improved-base branch.  Once ghcjs is installed, I use the following to build react-flux:

~~~
echo "compiler: ghcjs" > cabal.config
cabal configure
cabal build
~~~

# Example Applications

The source contains some [example applications](https://bitbucket.org/wuzzeb/react-flux/src/tip/example).
To try out the TODO example, execute

~~~
cabal configure -fexample
cabal build
cd example/todo
make
firefox todo.html
~~~

If you don't have closure installed, you can open `todo-dev.html` instead of `todo.html`.  For more details on
the example applications, see the [README](https://bitbucket.org/wuzzeb/react-flux/src/tip/example/README.md).

# Test Suite

To run the test suite, first you must build both the example applications and the test-client.  (The
test-client is a react-flux application which contains code for everything not contained in the todo
example.)

~~~
echo "compiler: ghcjs" > cabal.config
cabal configure -fexample -ftest-client
cabal build
cd example/todo
make
~~~

The above builds the TODO application, compresses it with closure, and builds the test client.
Next, install [selenium-server-standalone](http://www.seleniumhq.org/download/) (also from
[npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/selenium-server-standalone-jar)).  Then, build the
[hspec-webdriver](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/hspec-webdriver) test suite using GHC (not
GHCJS).  I use stack for this, although you can use cabal too if you like.

~~~
cd test/spec
stack build
~~~

Finally, start selenium-server-standalone and execute the test suite.  It must be started from the
`test/spec` directory, otherwise it does not find the correct javascript files.

~~~
stack exec react-flux-spec
~~~

# Other Projects

It differes significantly from the other two react bindings,
[react-haskell](https://github.com/joelburget/react-haskell) and
[ghcjs-react](https://github.com/fpco/ghcjs-react).  In particular, the major difference is how
events are handled.  In the Flux design, the state is moved out out of the view and then handlers
produce actions which transform the state.  Thus there is a one-way flow of data from the store into
the view.  In contrast, react-haskell and ghcjs-react both have event signals propagaing up the
react component tree, transforming state at each node.  In particular, react-haskell with its InSig
and OutSig have the signals propagate up the tree and optionally transform state at each node and
change the type of the signal.

Commit message:

Compress todo app before executing the test suite

README.md, after:

A GHCJS binding to [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/) based on the
[Flux](https://facebook.github.io/flux/) design.  The flux design pushes state and complicated logic
out of the view, allowing the rendering functions and event handlers to be pure Haskell functions.
When combined with React's composable components and the one-way flow of data, React, Flux, and
GHCJS work very well together.

# Docs

The [haddocks](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/react-flux) contain the documentation.

# Build

This package requires GHC 7.10.2 and the improved-base branch of ghcjs.
I followed the instructions in the [ghcjs wiki](https://github.com/ghcjs/ghcjs/wiki/GHCJS-with-GHC-7.10)
to install the improved-base branch.  Once ghcjs is installed, I use the following to build react-flux:

~~~
echo "compiler: ghcjs" > cabal.config
cabal configure
cabal build
~~~

# Example Applications

The source contains some [example applications](https://bitbucket.org/wuzzeb/react-flux/src/tip/example).
To try out the TODO example, execute

~~~
cabal configure -fexample
cabal build
cd example/todo
make
firefox todo.html
~~~

If you don't have closure installed, you can open `todo-dev.html` instead of `todo.html`.  For more details on
the example applications, see the [README](https://bitbucket.org/wuzzeb/react-flux/src/tip/example/README.md).

# Test Suite

To run the test suite, first you must build both the example applications and the test-client.  (The
test-client is a react-flux application which contains code for everything not contained in the todo
example.)

~~~
echo "compiler: ghcjs" > cabal.config
cabal configure -fexample -ftest-client
cabal build
~~~

The above builds the TODO application and the test client.
Next, install [selenium-server-standalone](http://www.seleniumhq.org/download/) (also from
[npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/selenium-server-standalone-jar)).  Then, build the
[hspec-webdriver](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/hspec-webdriver) test suite using GHC (not
GHCJS).  I use stack for this, although you can use cabal too if you like.

~~~
cd test/spec
stack build
~~~

Finally, start selenium-server-standalone and execute the test suite.  Make sure you also have
closure installed, since the test suite will compress the todo app before testing it.  It must be
started from the `test/spec` directory, otherwise it does not find the correct javascript files.

~~~
stack exec react-flux-spec
~~~

# Other Projects

It differes significantly from the other two react bindings,
[react-haskell](https://github.com/joelburget/react-haskell) and
[ghcjs-react](https://github.com/fpco/ghcjs-react).  In particular, the major difference is how
events are handled.  In the Flux design, the state is moved out out of the view and then handlers
produce actions which transform the state.  Thus there is a one-way flow of data from the store into
the view.  In contrast, react-haskell and ghcjs-react both have event signals propagaing up the
react component tree, transforming state at each node.  In particular, react-haskell with its InSig
and OutSig have the signals propagate up the tree and optionally transform state at each node and
change the type of the signal.
